OpenD
OpenD solution is an artificial intelligent information assistant for open data users. OpenD creates a behavioral profile of the open data users, learns about user data uses, then provides an intelligent and meaningful insight into the data other than just working as a data analytical tool. It uses our artificial neural network and machine learning engine to analyze, learn about the pattern of the data and provide intelligent information.

In OpenD user can view the data, analyze the data summary and most importantly get an intelligent information about the data. SmallBeez working on releasing first Beta 1.0 web and mobile application. The application service accesses open data repositories of your interest and performs predictive analysis of the data. Currently our app is using open data repositories from online Government open data repositories and CKAN open data repositories. Using machine learning experiment on data, our AI engine tries to understand the pattern of requested data and data uses, later provides intelligent insight into the data. It enables the students, professionals to open data sources for free and make it more useful.


OpenD System Architecture
Technology Stack: OpenD has both simple, lightweight mobile and web app. The UI dashboard helps you to easily interact with the data and apply into your work needs. Data are represented using simple graphs, table and charts. It also has the Geographic Information System (GIS) tool embedded to get a clear understanding mapping and localization information. OpenD is powerful web and mobile application but with simple and lightweight UI. OpenD uses CKAN data repository access APIs, custom SmallBeez algorithm for intelligent solutions and provides user the right information. The powerful engine of OpenD data access and viewer, machine learning, predictive analysis are built upon the building blocks of data driven science. The data science incorporated with web and mobile application provides users a robust and handy tool to interact with the data. For backend data processing and application support, OpenD is leveraging powerful cloud computing of platform Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure Cloud as Platform as-a Service (PaaS).
